>>> THING ONE TONIGHT, THE TIM
>>> THING ONE TONIGHT, THE TIM APPLE MOMENT JUST WON’T GO AWAY
APPLE MOMENT JUST WON’T GO AWAY FOR DONALD TRUMP.
FOR DONALD TRUMP. AND THAT IS BECAUSE HE WILL NOT
AND THAT IS BECAUSE HE WILL NOT LET IT GO.
LET IT GO. IN CASE YOU’RE OUT OF THE
IN CASE YOU’RE OUT OF THE COUNTRY, LET US REFRESH YOUR
COUNTRY, LET US REFRESH YOUR MEMORY ABOUT THE MOMENT WITH TIM
MEMORY ABOUT THE MOMENT WITH TIM COOK, THE CEO OF APPLE.
COOK, THE CEO OF APPLE. >> WE HAVE SO MANY COMPANIES
>> WE HAVE SO MANY COMPANIES COMING IN.
COMING IN. PEOPLE LIKE TIM, YOU’RE
PEOPLE LIKE TIM, YOU’RE EXPANDING ALL OVER AND DOING
EXPANDING ALL OVER AND DOING THINGS THAT I REALLY WANTED TO
THINGS THAT I REALLY WANTED TO DO RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING.
DO RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING. I USED TO SAY, TIM, YOU GOT TO
I USED TO SAY, TIM, YOU GOT TO START DOING IT OVER HERE AND YOU
START DOING IT OVER HERE AND YOU REALLY HAVE.
REALLY HAVE. YOU’VE REALLY PUT A BIG
YOU’VE REALLY PUT A BIG INVESTMENT IN OUR COUNTRY.
INVESTMENT IN OUR COUNTRY. WE APPRECIATE IT VERY MUCH TIM
WE APPRECIATE IT VERY MUCH TIM APPLE.
APPLE. >> OH, YES, TIM APPLE.
>> OH, YES, TIM APPLE. THIS IS THE THING TRUMP HAS BEEN
THIS IS THE THING TRUMP HAS BEEN KNOWN TO DO.
KNOWN TO DO. EVERYONE WAS IN HIS -- MAYBE
EVERYONE WAS IN HIS -- MAYBE BECAUSE EVERYONE IN HIS FAMILY
BECAUSE EVERYONE IN HIS FAMILY IS NAMED FOR THE COMPANY THEY
IS NAMED FOR THE COMPANY THEY WORK FOR.
WORK FOR. LAST MARCH HE APPEARED WITH THE
LAST MARCH HE APPEARED WITH THE CEO OF LOCKHEED MARTIN MARILYN
CEO OF LOCKHEED MARTIN MARILYN HOUSTON.
HOUSTON. >> MARILYN LOCKHEED, THE LEADING
>> MARILYN LOCKHEED, THE LEADING WOMAN’S BUSINESS EXECUTIVE IN
WOMAN’S BUSINESS EXECUTIVE IN THIS COUNTRY ACCORDING TO MANY.
THIS COUNTRY ACCORDING TO MANY. >> HER NAME IS NOT MARILYN
>> HER NAME IS NOT MARILYN LOCKHEED, SHE DOESN’T HAVE THE
LOCKHEED, SHE DOESN’T HAVE THE LAST NAME OF THE COMPANY SHE
LAST NAME OF THE COMPANY SHE RUNS, THAT IS NOT THE WAY IT
RUNS, THAT IS NOT THE WAY IT WORKS.
WORKS. BUT THE COVERAGE OF TIM APPLE
BUT THE COVERAGE OF TIM APPLE HAS GOTTEN UNDER TRUMP’S SKIN.
HAS GOTTEN UNDER TRUMP’S SKIN. AT MAR-A-LAGO ON FRIDAY NIGHT
AT MAR-A-LAGO ON FRIDAY NIGHT WITH NO CAMERAS PRESENT HE
WITH NO CAMERAS PRESENT HE EXPLAINED TO A GROUP OF DONORS
EXPLAINED TO A GROUP OF DONORS WHAT HAPPENED AND WHAT THEY
WHAT HAPPENED AND WHAT THEY DESCRIBED AS ONE OF TRUMP’S
.
. >>> SO AFTER DONALD TRUMP CALLED
>>> SO AFTER DONALD TRUMP CALLED TIM COOK TIM APPLE AND EVERYBODY
TIM COOK TIM APPLE AND EVERYBODY HAS A CHUCKLE OVER IT THE
HAS A CHUCKLE OVER IT THE PRESIDENT TOLD A GROUP OF DONORS
PRESIDENT TOLD A GROUP OF DONORS AT MAR-A-LAGO THIS WEEKEND, IT
AT MAR-A-LAGO THIS WEEKEND, IT NEVER HAPPENED.
NEVER HAPPENED. AXIOS REPORTED THAT TRUMP TOLD
AXIOS REPORTED THAT TRUMP TOLD THE DONORS THAT HE SAID TIM COOK
THE DONORS THAT HE SAID TIM COOK APPLE REALLY FAST AND THE COOK
APPLE REALLY FAST AND THE COOK PART OF THE SENTENCE WAS SOFT,
PART OF THE SENTENCE WAS SOFT, BUT ALL YOU HEARD FROM THE FAKE
BUT ALL YOU HEARD FROM THE FAKE NEWS HE SAID WAS TIM APPLE.
NEWS HE SAID WAS TIM APPLE. WELL, THAT MAKES PERFECT SENSE.
WELL, THAT MAKES PERFECT SENSE. IT IS POSSIBLE THIS LIE WORKED
IT IS POSSIBLE THIS LIE WORKED ON THE AUDIENCE AT TRUMP’S HOUSE
ON THE AUDIENCE AT TRUMP’S HOUSE OF FANCY GOLF AND OMELETS, SO
OF FANCY GOLF AND OMELETS, SO JUST TO BE SURE, THING ONE AND
JUST TO BE SURE, THING ONE AND THING TWO HAS DONE A FORENSIC
THING TWO HAS DONE A FORENSIC ANALYSIS OF THE TAPE.
ANALYSIS OF THE TAPE. ENHANCE.
ENHANCE. >> WE APPRECIATE IT VERY MUCH
>> WE APPRECIATE IT VERY MUCH TIM APPLE.
TIM APPLE. TIM APPLE.
TIM APPLE. >> YEAH, HE SAID TIM APPLE.
>> YEAH, HE SAID TIM APPLE. SO THE LIE WAS SO BLATANT THAT
SO THE LIE WAS SO BLATANT THAT HE CAME UP WITH A NEWS STORY AT
HE CAME UP WITH A NEWS STORY AT A RECENT ROUND TABLE MEETING OF
A RECENT ROUND TABLE MEETING OF BUSINESS EXECUTIVE AND LONG
BUSINESS EXECUTIVE AND LONG AFTER FORMALLY INTRODUCING TIM
AFTER FORMALLY INTRODUCING TIM COOK OF APPLE AND I REFERRED TO
COOK OF APPLE AND I REFERRED TO HIM AS TIM APPLE AS AN EASY WAY
HIM AS TIM APPLE AS AN EASY WAY TO SAVE TIME IN WORDS.
TO SAVE TIME IN WORDS. HOW IS HE STILL WRITING ABOUT
HOW IS HE STILL WRITING ABOUT THIS?
THIS? WHAT IS -- THIS IS WHY WE
WHAT IS -- THIS IS WHY WE ELECTED HIM.
ELECTED HIM. TO SAVE TIME IN WORDS.
TO SAVE TIME IN WORDS. AND NO PRESIDENT HAS EVER SAVED
AND NO PRESIDENT HAS EVER SAVED SO MANY WORDS.
SO MANY WORDS. >> YOU KNOW, I’M TOTALLY OFF
>> YOU KNOW, I’M TOTALLY OFF SCRIPT.
SCRIPT. RIGHT?
RIGHT? >> DARLING IS THE WIND BLOWING
>> DARLING IS THE WIND BLOWING TODAY.
TODAY. I WOULD LIKE TO WATCH
I WOULD LIKE TO WATCH TELEVISION.
TELEVISION. >> HE ASKED RUSSIA TO GO GET THE
>> HE ASKED RUSSIA TO GO GET THE E-MAILS.
E-MAILS. >> HE’S BAD.
>> HE’S BAD. HE’S A BAD, BAD -- HE’S A BAD,
HE’S A BAD, BAD -- HE’S A BAD, BAD GUY.
BAD GUY. >> HEY, DON, HOW ARE YOU DOING?
>> HEY, DON, HOW ARE YOU DOING? HOW DONNIE, I LOVE YOU DONNIE.
HOW DONNIE, I LOVE YOU DONNIE. >> WHITE HAIR?
>> WHITE HAIR? SEE, I DON’T HAVE WHITE HAIR.
SEE, I DON’T HAVE WHITE HAIR. >> RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA,